today we decided to take a step back
into our childhood our goal with project
30 is the stay curious and do things we
have never done before so today we're
going laser tagging with triplets and
their older brother all right
so Bethany the kids is there gonna be a
lot of them Chris who took us cliff
jumping last week has four younger
cousins who love our videos so we
decided to make their day take some
weight off and leather shoulders and
take them off for a day in the life of
project xxx meet the boys
Dylan Tyler and Brandon are all triplets
and Jeremy with three goals for the day
take them laser tagging which I've
personally never done before organized a
pizza eating contest and climbed to the
top of McGill and Montreal's official
football stadium and helped Dillon
conquer his fear of heights
we started the day with laser tag
everyone without exception was very
excited
[Music]
we practiced some matrix moves and it
was now time for laser Quest and as
always we take everything very seriously
[Music]
we don't know pizza eating contest and
then had a race to the stadium the
coming kids again was one of the most
fun and rewarding day the four boys who
came with us were awesome and we going
all the way up to the roof of the
stadium while Dylan conquered
[Music]